---
layout: "post"
title: "Control Engineer"
date: "2016-12-18 15:56"
---
Convocatoria : 26/spark/16 Situación: Adjudicación 

## Title:		

- Control Engineer

## Experience Required:


- Knowledge and experience in  Siemens DCS, SCADA, and PLC systems used for control of equipment and production processes.
- Identify and implement Process Control improvements.
- Responsible for maintaining, troubleshooting, programming, and debugging process control systems.
- Coordinate and lead teams of engineers and technicians to resolve complex system problems, including instrumentation and control wiring.
- Knowledge and experience of Siemens variable speed drives, low voltage control systems, and instrumentation.
- Diversified knowledge of Profibus, Profinet, industrial networks, and safety instrumented systems IEC 61511/IEC 61508.
- Diversified knowledge of power distribution is a plus.
- Candidates with background will serve as backup to resident Electrical Engineer.
- Power distribution from 12,470 volts, electrical systems,substations, transformers, switchgears, distribution panels.
- Working Knowledge of NEC, NFPA70e and able to reference decisions based on applicable codes.
- Knowledge and experience in relay coordination, incident energy calculations, and arch flash.
- Provide expertise to solve system problems and support
- Maintenance items related to the electrical/control system equipment.
- Coordinate maintenance turnarounds related to power distribution and ensure work is completed on time and in a safe manner.
- Experience managing projects in excess of $50k
- Manage projects to stay within budget and schedule.
- Monitor and analyze repetitive system problems.
- Determine the root cause for equipment failures and initiate equipment or procedural changes to correct the problem.
- Prepare, review and approve maintenance procedures, operating procedures, and change requests as required.
- Interact with technicians on a regular basis to ensure effective communication of production and compliance related changes in procedures.
- Conduct formalized training for operative/technical personnel as necessary.
- Assist in developing operating goals in support of divisional, unit, and corporate objectives.
- Develop plans to reduce COGS by continuously improving efficiencies, processing times, reducing labor and material costs, reducing maintenance costs, and controlling expense budgets.
Other duties as assigned

## Education Required:

- Master's, Computer Engineering and/or Computer Science and/or Electrical Engineering
